a really quick video a lot a question
from tofu cube here well asking about
museums so taxidermy in museums and
animals being put in the museum's so one
of the differences to me and garrett
france yani fraccion is actually more
extreme than I am in at least one
respect maybe in several respect but you
know France eleanii thinks that animals
that cannot survive in the wild should
go completely extinct should disappear
from the planet so actually I just
saying being honest that would not only
mean that domesticated animals go
extinct to disappear it would also mean
that wild animals that can no longer
exist in the wild without human help
would disappear so I disagree with that
I think that there is a an important
category of animals that should in the
future continue to exist in basically
museum like facilities not a zoo in the
current sense of the term but you know
in Canada we already have some extent
the reality is that our native buffalo
the real Buffalo of the unalloyed pure
Buffalo species that was at once there
were millions of in Canada and are now
almost extinct they exist on one island
there is one island in a river in Canada
that still has buffalo and they are
basically maintain their by the
government it's not a zoo they get to
walk around the island freely but the
government you know is guarding it at
all times one of the reasons being by
the way that Buffalo's they carry
tuberculosis so they have to be quite
carefully prevented from mixing with
human beings who could possibly transmit
tuberculosis and there is one national
park in the United States still as real
Buffalo I don't know how big the hurt is
you can google it i'm sure so there's
one park at america at one park in
canada that's an island a small island
where they're still buffalo and that is
the only thing preventing them from
disappearing to the world right so it's
not a zoo it's not you know something
else now in that same way i do think
that you know there are you know if you
were actually talking about this is the
300 years in the future talking about
the ultimate future
in a vegan utopia or something I do
think that in the same way we can
maintain small permanent populations of
different types of domesticated animals
from human history so they don't
disappear but also where they're not
being exploited you know I don't think
you know it was a lot of these
specialized breeds you know the Scottish
terrier the various forms of terrier dog
in Scotland they were created to kill
rats the dog we had when I was a child
it was born and bred to herd sheep it
had sheep herding instincts and
amazingly I got to witness that you know
you let this dog near a bunch of sheep
nobody had ever trained it and it still
knew how to herd sheep bred into its DNA
apparently amazing you know behavioral
adaptation now those you know in a vegan
future those uses for domesticate
animals don't exist already today they
don't really exist this is not the way
you know traditional agriculture is
disappear the traditional functions
these domestic animals but now I think
there's no reason to argue as France the
only does that all of these species just
have to disappear from Planet Earth
again I'm Canadian Canada has empty
territory we really do and it's getting
emptier it's not getting fuller folks
and even Japan Japan is a lot of empty
territory and it's getting emptier I'm
not joking you can look at real report
the Japanese countryside they have a lot
of empty land so you're saying you can't
have a parcel of land for some Scottish
terriers to exist on let them bring eat
and run it you know it have managed
again wildlife management this is not
absolute wilderness it's also not you
know domestication put up some it's not
untain abul for basically any of any of
those species so I just mentioned it's a
small technical question but actually I
do think museums are an interesting
example of that you know as a pattern of
keeping animals alive that would not
survive in the wild either because the
the breed is created through a natural
human intervention or because human
beings have changed the world so much
that they are a wild species but they
can no longer survive
while which is the case for which is the
case for the Bison also known as the
Buffalo in the wilderness of Canada what
remains of the wilderness camp